# Gulp Task Runner Setup for your Local Mahcine ( I'm using Vagrant ) running Wordpress Multi Theme

The Projects focuses on setting up Gulp task Runner on your local Vagrant Machine running WordPress Multi Theme. This includes various
tasks such as :

* Minification
* Concatenation
* Liniting
* Watch

The Gulp JavaScript file and the current Folder Structure can be modifed to include various other automated tasks ( for e.g. Quickly running unit tests, Running code analysis ) as per your requirements.

## Getting Started

Download/Clone the repo and follow the Steps mentioned in the installation part to get started

### Prerequisites

* Install Node js
* Open the command prompt in your system and enter the following command without quotes "node-v". It will display the 
  installed Node.js version.
* In the command prompt, enter the following command without the quotes "npm-v" to display the version of npm (Node.js package 
  manager) which is used to install modules. It will display the installed Node.js version.


### Installing

* **Gulp File JS**, **Gulp Theme Name Json**,**Gulp Stylelintrc Json** and **Package Json** file will reside in the Vagrant               Configuration.
* **Gulp Configuration Json**, **Gulp Eslintrc Json** file will reside in the root folder of every theme.
* Open the command prompt in your system and enter the following command inside your Vagrant Configuration folder without the quotes       "**npm intsall**". This will download all the required npm modules and dev dependencies.

## Files Configuration

* Gulp File JS
  All the Gulp Tasks will be defined in gulp.js. The file currently have code written for minification, linting, concatenation.
  
* Gulp Configuration Json

  **CSS/JS minification:**
  The source of the files that need processing will be passed as a wildcard and the minified files will be placed in the destination       folder provided by the userFor e.g.: User will provide the source folder value in the src_minify_lintproperty 
  (css/custom/* */*.cssthis will go into the custom css folder and minify all the files either present in the root or in any of the sub-   folders) .After   this the user will provide  value in dest_minify["css/min-stylesheet"] property where all the minified files will be   placed.
  
  **CSS/JS Concatenation:**
  After minification, user will provide the source of the minified file in a sequential order in the arrayin which the files are           referenced in the websiteFor e.g. : "src_concat":["file1","file2" ,"file3"],hence the file will be concatenated in the same fashion as   mentioned in the array[].
  After concatenation a final file will be generated by the same specified in the combined_filename property and will be placed in         the value provided in the dest_concat property.
  **Please refer to some of the screenshots in the repository to have more clarification of the stucture and the implementaion**
  
  **Gulp Eslintrc Json:**
  This file contains the object for various types of linting that is currently being used.The file can be midified to add more types of   Js linting.
  
   **Gulp Stylelintrc Json:**
  This file contains the object for various types of linting that is currently being used.The file can be midified to add more types of   CSS linting.
  
* Gulp Theme Name Json
  This file contains a property called “theme_name” where user will provide the theme name that will be used by the gulp file to run the   tasks  for that particular theme. For e.g.: "theme_name": "your_theme_name".
  

## Built With

* Node Js
* Gulp Js

## Author

* **Rahul Shaw**
